ah
today I bring you a new video this time
I come to share about a challenge
what am I doing but this time I'm
doing the rest there on facebook
As you know, I told you that I have a
Private group of girls there is only
we share everything we do in
our day our routines
exercises and also this challenge we are
sharing our photo all the
days of how it went on our day 1
day 2 and we are already in our first
week this reason they are doing it
for 30 days and what is it good about
we're just going to be good arturo
in and of exercise and of juices
it's more of good food the rest is
called vegetable fruits and vegetables and
good protein of what it is like
as they say the rest is
consume of this food group alone
during the good 30 days for example
we're going to be eating the vegetables and
while vegetables combined with
any protein the protein is going to be
the meat the egg the fish the tuna
because everything that we like
consume and the fruits we will be
consuming more than anything like snacks
good for you to get an idea and
know more or less what it is about
here I will be leaving some
photos of what I ate throughout
this week and only a few girls are left
of the group also consumed if you
they want to learn more about this challenge
but there in the group on facebook
simply if you want to know how to throw
less here in your comments
wáyar in me in my profile then go and
tell me I smelled I want to enter the group later
in the messages then
we must answer because they are leaving me like
to the tray
where it says others and then there are casinos
review a message and for that reason
It took him a long time to respond to this challenge
As I told you, it's going to take 30 days and I
every week how to be sharing the
video of our meals for which
they want to give some good idea girls
well deserved more than faces I wanted
tell them what I'm doing
currently because I love being
motivated i love to be focused already
which is how I told you a few weeks ago
I had been sick after I started my
Parasite challenge and change of juices
because I felt my stomach a little
inflamed good after my challenge of
soccer and now this week of the
challenge of vegetable fruits and proteins
Super super-desinfected stomach cent
now I have breakfast and still like
you can see I feel my stomach not what
I have super super flat
but if I'm focused on what it is
the toning of my body in increasing
What I need is to tone up
what are my legs my glutes
so they toned to increase them and then
improve the appearance of my abdomen good
girls so I say goodbye thank you very much to
all for your support for your comments
for their line to be added here to the group
and then really I hope and what I
I share the recipes and some tips
that I have worked for me but
Like you will be of your help and therefore
I saw that we are a little over one thousand
subscribers I want to thank you
all for being there and for being
supporting for being today more than anything
every time someone subscribes to me
motivates me to continue in this of my style
healthy and more than anything then to take me
a time to share alone with you
of some things of the
me worked me like you know me
I just exercise at home never
there is a complication and still the seen yo
so positive changes in what in my
body also as you know I'm mommy from
two kids I have a four year old baby
and one of the almost thirteen years and then
Wear a healthy style improve your
physical aspect after being a mom
as you already know, it's a bit difficult but not
it's possible girls so let's go let's go
you want to start this challenge
welcome this challenge is more than anything is
like to show you show you have to
eat how to eat your food girls and
not go hungry is good also follow me
there in this great end I already share
my photos of what I ate on the day by
if you are interested
great mass is the volleyball challenge towards
I appear on all my social networks and
Well now I say goodbye see you
the next
God
to
ah